All right, so let's go ahead and style our action by using some tailwind utility classes.
So right here in my action button component, I'm going to add a class to my button and I'm just going
to write a whole bunch of classes.
Let's begin with some padding on both the left, right, top and bottom of the button.
That's just going to allow us to provide some space between the edges of the the button and the text
inside it.
So I'll start with five.
That applies padding on the left and right of 20 pixels.
Remember packs meaning padding on the x axis, left and right only.
We're going to apply this padding.
I want to apply slightly less padding on the top and bottom.
So for padding on the y axis, I can use the p y utility classes, y being the y axis up and down.
And here I want to provide ap3 class, which, as we can see here, is 12 pixels of padding on top and
12 pixels of padding on the bottom.
Then I want to apply a class called Font Medium.
That's just going to set a little bit of a boldness to the button text by setting a font weight of 500.
The next thing I want to do is make my text inside the button white.
Luckily, white is a pretty common color, so we have a prebuilt tailwind class that's just text white.
Although if I erase a couple of characters here, you can see that there's a whole bunch of different
colored classes here.
Here's the yellows and there's all kinds of text red and text blue.
There's a whole bunch of options available for us, but for now, we just want Text White, which will
make our text white.
All right.
I want to make sure that I have no border around my buttons.
I'm going to add border zero.
That's going to make a border with of zero.
But I do want to make the button rounded so I can apply the rounded class.
If this is going to apply a border radius that's going to around the corners of the button, although
I believe right now they're not actually going to be visible.
But that's totally fine.
And then finally, I want to set the background color of the button, and we do that with the big classes
in Tailwind.
B.G. stands for background, and of course we have a whole bunch of helper classes from Tailwind with
a whole bunch of default greys and blues and yellows and reds.
But what we actually want to rely upon is that brand blue, one color that we configured in our tailwind
config file.
Remember when we set up those settings, tailwind automatically generated automatic utility access classes
for us out of the box based on the settings that we put in that file.
So now we can use Big Brand Blue one.
You can also see some of the other classes we configured, but in this case, BGI Brand Blue one is
that blue color that we want to associate with the button.
Our line is getting too long, but when I save it, we'll see.
That tailwind will slightly reformat it and that is all we need to do.
So we are already rendering this action button in my main nav component.
So when I navigate to the browser, we should see its impact reflected immediately on the screen.
Or by that I mean the impact of racist changes.
So let's go back to our browser and we'll take a look.
And there we go.
Our button is starting to take shape.
We have a button with a around it corner.
We have no board around it.
We have that nice blue background inspired by the Google career site, and we have some white bolded
text in the middle.
That's how easy it is to work with Tailwind.
We just add on a bunch of classes.
All right, so things are looking good.
We will continue with this in the very next lesson.